anfangen:fing an:angefangen:begin
ankommen:kam an:ist angekommen:arrive
anrufen:rief an:angerufen:call up
backen:backte:gebacken:bake
befehlen:befahl:befohlen:command
beginnen:begann:begonnen:begin
beißen:biss:gebissen:bite
bekommen:bekam:bekommen:get|receive
bergen:barg:geborgen:salvage
bersten:barst:geborsten:burst
betrügen:betrog:betrogen:deceive
biegen:bog:gebogen:bend
bieten:bot:geboten:offer
binden:band:gebunden:tie|bind
bitten:bat:gebeten:request
blasen:blies:geblasen:blow
bleiben:blieb:ist geblieben:stay
bleichen:blich:geblichen:bleach
braten:briet:gebraten:roast
brechen:brach:gebrochen:break
brennen:brannte:gebrannt:burn
bringen:brachte:gebracht:bring
denken:dachte:gedacht:think
dreschen:drosch:gedroschen:thresh
dringen:drang:gedrungen:force
dürfen:durfte:gedurft:may
empfangen:empfing:empfangen:receive
empfehlen:empfahl:empfohlen:recommend
erfinden:erfand:erfunden:invent
erlöschen:erlosch:erloschen:extinguish
erschallen:erscholl:erschollen:echo|sound
erschrecken:erschrak:erschrocken:scare
essen:aß:gegessen:eat
fahren:fuhr:ist gefahren:travel
fallen:fiel:ist gefallen:fall
fangen:fing:gefangen:catch
fechten:focht:gefochten:fence
finden:fand:gefunden:find
fliegen:flog:ist geflogen:fly
fliehen:floh:ist geflohen:flee
fließen:floss:ist geflossen:flow
fressen:fraß:gefressen:gorge
frieren:fror:gefroren:freeze
frohlocken:frohlockte:frohlockt:rejoice
gären:gor:gegoren:ferment
gebären:gebar:geboren:bear
geben:gab:gegeben:give
gedeihen:gedieh:ist gediehen:flourish
gefallen:gefiel:gefallen:be pleasing|like
gehen:ging:ist gegangen:go
gelingen:gelang:ist gelungen:succeed
gelten:galt:gegolten:be valid
genesen:genas:genesen:recover
genießen:genoß:genossen:enjoy
geschehen:geschah:ist geschehen:happen
gewinnen:gewann:gewonnen:win
gießen:goß:gegossen:pour
gleichen:glich:geglichen:resemble
gleiten:glitt:ist geglitten:glide|slide
glimmen:glomm|glimmte:ist geglommen|hat geglimmt:glow|smoulder
graben:grub:gegraben:dig
greifen:griff:gegriffen:grasp
haben:hatte:gehabt:have
halten:hielt:gehalten:hold
hängen:hing:gehangen:hang
hauen:haute:gehauen:hew|hit
heben:hob:gehoben:lift
heißen:hieß:geheißen:be [called|named]
helfen:half:geholfen:help
kennen:kannte:gekannt:know
klingen:klang:geklungen:ring
kneifen:kniff:gekniffen:pinch
kommen:kam:ist gekommen:come
können:konnte:gekonnt:can
kriechen:kroch:ist gekrochen:crawl
laden:lud:geladen:load
lassen:ließ:gelassen:let|allow
laufen:lief:ist gelaufen:run
leiden:litt:gelitten:suffer
leihen:lieh:geliehen:lend
lesen:las:gelesen:read
liegen:lag:gelegen:lie|recline
lügen:log:gelogen:lie
mahlen:mahlte:gemahlen:grind
meiden:mied:gemieden:avoid
messen:maß:gemessen:measure
misslingen:misslang:misslungen:fail
mögen:mochte:gemocht:like
müssen:musste:gemusst:must
